README.md, before:

# HTTP 1.1 Server

This repository contains a basic implementation for an HTTP Server. It is very basic in the sense that it
doesn't provide all the features you would expect from a full HTTP Server. This server currently only supports
GET requests, and for static resources defined in the server. However, with a basic infrastructure in place,
it should be easy to add support for dynamic routes and more advanced features.

## Features

- [x] GET Requests
- [x] Serve static resources (HTML, PNG, CSS)
- [x] Perform redirects
- [x] Serve 404 pages on missing resources
- [x] Basic validation for malformed requests

## Running

To run the code, you can execute the main script in each folder. For example, you can execute `python main.py` to 
start the server. The code was tested on Python 3.10+. Moreover, the implementation allows passing command line flags 
for configuration. For example, `python main.py --host=127.0.0.1 --port=8080`. This is also the default configuration.

Moreover, since the files are read from this directory as root, uploading and updating the files in this repository
will automatically update the content on refresh.

## Screenshots
![](/images/site.png)

Commit message:

Checked for basic path traversal attacks and updated README

README.md, after:

# HTTP 1.1 Server

This repository contains a basic implementation for an HTTP Server. It is very basic in the sense that it
doesn't provide all the features you would expect from a full HTTP Server. This server currently only supports
GET requests, and for static resources defined in the server. However, with a basic infrastructure in place,
it should be easy to add support for dynamic routes and more advanced features.

## Features

- [x] GET and HEAD Requests
- [x] Serve static resources (e.g. HTML, PNG, CSS)
- [x] Perform HTTP redirects
- [x] Serve 404 pages on missing resources
- [x] Basic validation for malformed requests
- [x] Basic checking for Path Traversal attacks

## Running

To run the code, you can execute the main script in each folder. For example, you can execute `python main.py` inside 
the `python/` folder to start the python server. Moreover, the implementation allows passing command line flags for 
configuration. For example, `python main.py --host=127.0.0.1 --port=8080`. This is also the default configuration.

Moreover, files are served from the `static/` folder, uploading and updating the files in this repository
will automatically update the content on refresh.

## Screenshots
![](/images/site.png)
